are you serious are you serious Iran
nuclear deal has now opened a window for
Israel to join a new mid-east order this
is a headline Jerusalem Post my thanks
Stephen of Oklahoma Iran nuclear deal
has opened a window for Israel to join a
new Mideast order what are you serious
it may be biblical grab a Bible I'm
going to read it for you in the Book of
Isaiah chapter 19 but here's what it
says in the article the former head of
Israel's vaunted Intelligence Agency a
Mossad said on Sunday that the nuclear
deal struck between Iran and the Western
powers offers Jerusalem an opening to
join a new Middle Eastern order now
javadi chivet who served as the Mossad
director from nineteen eighty nine to
nineteen ninety-six told us radio
broadcaster Aaron Klein that Israel now
has even more impetus to make common
cause with Sunni Arab nations who are
nervous over the West's overtures toward
their common nemesis Iran did you say a
new mid-east order what the wait there's
more heat quote he said I believe that
the present time there is a window of
opportunity for Israel in order to try
and pursue a new order in the Middle
East folks now this isn't Benjamin in
yahoo but this is a former director of
the Mossad who was there for seven years
course he's been out of all he's been
out of his position for 20 but he is
opening up he's sending out the first
shot over the bow if you will of a
potential arab-israeli alliance now is
there any such a thing in the Bible the
real
there isn't actually one of the most
prophetic chapters in the word I'm good
actually do a television show just on
this chapter Isaiah 19 called the burden
of Egypt but in this chapter let me read
to what it says in verses 18 through 25
listen to the scripture says and that
day shall five cities in the land of
Egypt speak the language of Canaan and
swear to the lord of hosts one shall be
called the city of destruction in that
day shall there be an altar to the Lord
in the midst of the land of Egypt and a
pillar at the border there up to the
Lord and it shall be a sign and for a
witness unto the lord of hosts in the
land of Egypt for they shall cry unto
the Lord because of the oppressors and
he shall send them a savior and a great
one and he shall deliver them and the
Lord shall be known to Egypt and to the
Egyptians shall know the Lord in that
day and shall do sacrifice and oblation
yay they shall bow a vow unto the Lord
and perform it and in the and the Lord
shall smite Egypt he shall smite it and
he'll it and they shall return even
until the Lord and he shall be intreated
of them and shall heal them in that day
shall there be a highway out of Egypt to
Assyria and the Assyrians shall call
upon Egypt and the Egyptians unto a
Syria and the Egyptian shall serve with
the Assyrians now the Egyptian president
al-sisi has a common enemy in Isis and
so and also the Egyptian president
el-sisi has a very serious problem with
the Muslim Brotherhood and he is and so
Israel and Egypt share a common
agreement
that Isis and Hamas and the Muslim
Brotherhood is a problem all right and
the Assyrians of course are being
tormented by Isis and President Assad
who are backed by Iran and Russia so
it's important to understand the
dynamics that's going on here if America
is slipping away or not being as strong
in its alliance with Israel at this
moment there are Arab nations that will
and Egypt for sure now get this and so
in verse 24 in that day shall Israel be
the third with Egypt and with a Syria
even a blessing in the midst of the land
Israel will be a blessing in the midst
of the land of Egypt and Assyria whom
the Lord of Hosts shall bless saying
blessed be Egypt my people and Assyria
the work of my hands and Israel my
inheritance you're going to see an
alliance could this be what they call
the Mideast order be in its prophesied
to happen that's never happened before
could this take place well it will take
place and is that where this Iranian
deal isn't leading to that also Donald
Trump is having an absolute fit as well
as probably most Americans on why Saeed
Abedini the pastor from America from
Idaho and Amir Hekmati Jason resin and
robert Livingston why are these four
Americans all rotting in an Iranian jail
I mean don't you think you could have
got those guys out of prison during this
nuclear negotiation and yet the
president of United States had an
absolute weak response when it came when
he was asked this question and and folks
this is why we have absolute uh
incompetency going on in the car
administration or is it more sinister
than add are you saved give your life to
Jesus Christ the biblical presumption
biblical is going on with the sides of
the second coming of Christ don't miss
today's live broadcast it will be
powerful at twelve noon eastern my
website